# {"fileName":"Blocks.java","id":"sourceFile"}
net.minecraft.world.level.block.state.BlockBehaviour$StatePredicate NOT_CLOSED_SHULKER -> tu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block AIR -> a
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STONE -> b
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRANITE -> c
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_GRANITE -> d
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DIORITE -> e
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_DIORITE -> f
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ANDESITE -> g
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_ANDESITE -> h
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRASS_BLOCK -> i
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DIRT -> j
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COARSE_DIRT -> k
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PODZOL -> l
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COBBLESTONE -> m
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_PLANKS -> n
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_PLANKS -> o
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_PLANKS -> p
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_PLANKS -> q
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_PLANKS -> r
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_PLANKS -> s
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_PLANKS -> t
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_PLANKS -> u
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_PLANKS -> v
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_MOSAIC -> w
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_SAPLING -> x
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_SAPLING -> y
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_SAPLING -> z
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_SAPLING -> A
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_SAPLING -> B
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_SAPLING -> C
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_SAPLING -> D
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_PROPAGULE -> E
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BEDROCK -> F
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WATER -> G
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LAVA -> H
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SAND -> I
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SUSPICIOUS_SAND -> J
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_SAND -> K
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAVEL -> L
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SUSPICIOUS_GRAVEL -> M
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GOLD_ORE -> N
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_GOLD_ORE -> O
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block IRON_ORE -> P
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_IRON_ORE -> Q
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COAL_ORE -> R
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_COAL_ORE -> S
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHER_GOLD_ORE -> T
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_LOG -> U
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_LOG -> V
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_LOG -> W
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_LOG -> X
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_LOG -> Y
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_LOG -> Z
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_LOG -> aa
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_LOG -> ab
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_ROOTS -> ac
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MUDDY_MANGROVE_ROOTS -> ad
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_BLOCK -> ae
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_SPRUCE_LOG -> af
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_BIRCH_LOG -> ag
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_JUNGLE_LOG -> ah
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_ACACIA_LOG -> ai
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_CHERRY_LOG -> aj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_DARK_OAK_LOG -> ak
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_OAK_LOG -> al
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_MANGROVE_LOG -> am
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_BAMBOO_BLOCK -> an
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_WOOD -> ao
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_WOOD -> ap
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_WOOD -> aq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_WOOD -> ar
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_WOOD -> as
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_WOOD -> at
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_WOOD -> au
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_WOOD -> av
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_OAK_WOOD -> aw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_SPRUCE_WOOD -> ax
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_BIRCH_WOOD -> ay
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_JUNGLE_WOOD -> az
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_ACACIA_WOOD -> aA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_CHERRY_WOOD -> aB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_DARK_OAK_WOOD -> aC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_MANGROVE_WOOD -> aD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_LEAVES -> aE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_LEAVES -> aF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_LEAVES -> aG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_LEAVES -> aH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_LEAVES -> aI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_LEAVES -> aJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_LEAVES -> aK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_LEAVES -> aL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block AZALEA_LEAVES -> aM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FLOWERING_AZALEA_LEAVES -> aN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPONGE -> aO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WET_SPONGE -> aP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GLASS -> aQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LAPIS_ORE -> aR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_LAPIS_ORE -> aS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LAPIS_BLOCK -> aT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DISPENSER -> aU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SANDSTONE -> aV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHISELED_SANDSTONE -> aW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CUT_SANDSTONE -> aX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NOTE_BLOCK -> aY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_BED -> aZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_BED -> ba
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_BED -> bb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_BED -> bc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_BED -> bd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_BED -> be
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_BED -> bf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_BED -> bg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_BED -> bh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_BED -> bi
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_BED -> bj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_BED -> bk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_BED -> bl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_BED -> bm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_BED -> bn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_BED -> bo
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POWERED_RAIL -> bp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DETECTOR_RAIL -> bq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STICKY_PISTON -> br
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COBWEB -> bs
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SHORT_GRASS -> bt
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FERN -> bu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_BUSH -> bv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SEAGRASS -> bw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TALL_SEAGRASS -> bx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PISTON -> by
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PISTON_HEAD -> bz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_WOOL -> bA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_WOOL -> bB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_WOOL -> bC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_WOOL -> bD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_WOOL -> bE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_WOOL -> bF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_WOOL -> bG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_WOOL -> bH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_WOOL -> bI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_WOOL -> bJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_WOOL -> bK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_WOOL -> bL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_WOOL -> bM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_WOOL -> bN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_WOOL -> bO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_WOOL -> bP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MOVING_PISTON -> bQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DANDELION -> bR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TORCHFLOWER -> bS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POPPY -> bT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_ORCHID -> bU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ALLIUM -> bV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block AZURE_BLUET -> bW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_TULIP -> bX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_TULIP -> bY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_TULIP -> bZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_TULIP -> ca
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OXEYE_DAISY -> cb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CORNFLOWER -> cc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WITHER_ROSE -> cd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LILY_OF_THE_VALLEY -> ce
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_MUSHROOM -> cf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_MUSHROOM -> cg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GOLD_BLOCK -> ch
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block IRON_BLOCK -> ci
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BRICKS -> cj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TNT -> ck
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BOOKSHELF -> cl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHISELED_BOOKSHELF -> cm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MOSSY_COBBLESTONE -> cn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OBSIDIAN -> co
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TORCH -> cp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WALL_TORCH -> cq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FIRE -> cr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SOUL_FIRE -> cs
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPAWNER -> ct
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_STAIRS -> cu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHEST -> cv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block REDSTONE_WIRE -> cw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DIAMOND_ORE -> cx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_DIAMOND_ORE -> cy
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DIAMOND_BLOCK -> cz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRAFTING_TABLE -> cA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHEAT -> cB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FARMLAND -> cC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FURNACE -> cD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_SIGN -> cE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_SIGN -> cF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_SIGN -> cG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_SIGN -> cH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_SIGN -> cI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_SIGN -> cJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_SIGN -> cK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_SIGN -> cL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_SIGN -> cM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_DOOR -> cN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LADDER -> cO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RAIL -> cP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COBBLESTONE_STAIRS -> cQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_WALL_SIGN -> cR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_WALL_SIGN -> cS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_WALL_SIGN -> cT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_WALL_SIGN -> cU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_WALL_SIGN -> cV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_WALL_SIGN -> cW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_WALL_SIGN -> cX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_WALL_SIGN -> cY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_WALL_SIGN -> cZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_HANGING_SIGN -> da
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_HANGING_SIGN -> db
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_HANGING_SIGN -> dc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_HANGING_SIGN -> dd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_HANGING_SIGN -> de
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_HANGING_SIGN -> df
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_HANGING_SIGN -> dg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_HANGING_SIGN -> dh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_HANGING_SIGN -> di
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_HANGING_SIGN -> dj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_HANGING_SIGN -> dk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_WALL_HANGING_SIGN -> dl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_WALL_HANGING_SIGN -> dm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_WALL_HANGING_SIGN -> dn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_WALL_HANGING_SIGN -> do
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_WALL_HANGING_SIGN -> dp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_WALL_HANGING_SIGN -> dq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_WALL_HANGING_SIGN -> dr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_WALL_HANGING_SIGN -> ds
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_WALL_HANGING_SIGN -> dt
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_WALL_HANGING_SIGN -> du
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_WALL_HANGING_SIGN -> dv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LEVER -> dw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STONE_PRESSURE_PLATE -> dx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block IRON_DOOR -> dy
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_PRESSURE_PLATE -> dz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_PRESSURE_PLATE -> dA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_PRESSURE_PLATE -> dB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_PRESSURE_PLATE -> dC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_PRESSURE_PLATE -> dD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_PRESSURE_PLATE -> dE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_PRESSURE_PLATE -> dF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_PRESSURE_PLATE -> dG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_PRESSURE_PLATE -> dH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block REDSTONE_ORE -> dI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_REDSTONE_ORE -> dJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block REDSTONE_TORCH -> dK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block REDSTONE_WALL_TORCH -> dL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STONE_BUTTON -> dM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SNOW -> dN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ICE -> dO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SNOW_BLOCK -> dP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CACTUS -> dQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CLAY -> dR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SUGAR_CANE -> dS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUKEBOX -> dT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_FENCE -> dU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHERRACK -> dV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SOUL_SAND -> dW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SOUL_SOIL -> dX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BASALT -> dY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_BASALT -> dZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SOUL_TORCH -> ea
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SOUL_WALL_TORCH -> eb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GLOWSTONE -> ec
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHER_PORTAL -> ed
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CARVED_PUMPKIN -> ee
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JACK_O_LANTERN -> ef
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CAKE -> eg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block REPEATER -> eh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_STAINED_GLASS -> ei
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_STAINED_GLASS -> ej
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_STAINED_GLASS -> ek
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_STAINED_GLASS -> el
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_STAINED_GLASS -> em
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_STAINED_GLASS -> en
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_STAINED_GLASS -> eo
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_STAINED_GLASS -> ep
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_STAINED_GLASS -> eq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_STAINED_GLASS -> er
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_STAINED_GLASS -> es
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_STAINED_GLASS -> et
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_STAINED_GLASS -> eu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_STAINED_GLASS -> ev
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_STAINED_GLASS -> ew
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_STAINED_GLASS -> ex
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_TRAPDOOR -> ey
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_TRAPDOOR -> ez
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_TRAPDOOR -> eA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_TRAPDOOR -> eB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_TRAPDOOR -> eC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_TRAPDOOR -> eD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_TRAPDOOR -> eE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_TRAPDOOR -> eF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_TRAPDOOR -> eG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STONE_BRICKS -> eH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MOSSY_STONE_BRICKS -> eI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRACKED_STONE_BRICKS -> eJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHISELED_STONE_BRICKS -> eK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PACKED_MUD -> eL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MUD_BRICKS -> eM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block INFESTED_STONE -> eN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block INFESTED_COBBLESTONE -> eO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block INFESTED_STONE_BRICKS -> eP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block INFESTED_MOSSY_STONE_BRICKS -> eQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block INFESTED_CRACKED_STONE_BRICKS -> eR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block INFESTED_CHISELED_STONE_BRICKS -> eS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_MUSHROOM_BLOCK -> eT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_MUSHROOM_BLOCK -> eU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MUSHROOM_STEM -> eV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block IRON_BARS -> eW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHAIN -> eX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GLASS_PANE -> eY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PUMPKIN -> eZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MELON -> fa
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ATTACHED_PUMPKIN_STEM -> fb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ATTACHED_MELON_STEM -> fc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PUMPKIN_STEM -> fd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MELON_STEM -> fe
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block VINE -> ff
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GLOW_LICHEN -> fg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_FENCE_GATE -> fh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BRICK_STAIRS -> fi
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STONE_BRICK_STAIRS -> fj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MUD_BRICK_STAIRS -> fk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MYCELIUM -> fl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LILY_PAD -> fm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHER_BRICKS -> fn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHER_BRICK_FENCE -> fo
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHER_BRICK_STAIRS -> fp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHER_WART -> fq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ENCHANTING_TABLE -> fr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BREWING_STAND -> fs
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CAULDRON -> ft
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WATER_CAULDRON -> fu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LAVA_CAULDRON -> fv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POWDER_SNOW_CAULDRON -> fw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block END_PORTAL -> fx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block END_PORTAL_FRAME -> fy
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block END_STONE -> fz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DRAGON_EGG -> fA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block REDSTONE_LAMP -> fB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COCOA -> fC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SANDSTONE_STAIRS -> fD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block EMERALD_ORE -> fE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_EMERALD_ORE -> fF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ENDER_CHEST -> fG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TRIPWIRE_HOOK -> fH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TRIPWIRE -> fI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block EMERALD_BLOCK -> fJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_STAIRS -> fK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_STAIRS -> fL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_STAIRS -> fM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COMMAND_BLOCK -> fN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BEACON -> fO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COBBLESTONE_WALL -> fP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MOSSY_COBBLESTONE_WALL -> fQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FLOWER_POT -> fR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_TORCHFLOWER -> fS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_OAK_SAPLING -> fT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_SPRUCE_SAPLING -> fU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_BIRCH_SAPLING -> fV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_JUNGLE_SAPLING -> fW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_ACACIA_SAPLING -> fX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_CHERRY_SAPLING -> fY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_DARK_OAK_SAPLING -> fZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_MANGROVE_PROPAGULE -> ga
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_FERN -> gb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_DANDELION -> gc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_POPPY -> gd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_BLUE_ORCHID -> ge
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_ALLIUM -> gf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_AZURE_BLUET -> gg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_RED_TULIP -> gh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_ORANGE_TULIP -> gi
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_WHITE_TULIP -> gj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_PINK_TULIP -> gk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_OXEYE_DAISY -> gl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_CORNFLOWER -> gm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_LILY_OF_THE_VALLEY -> gn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_WITHER_ROSE -> go
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_RED_MUSHROOM -> gp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_BROWN_MUSHROOM -> gq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_DEAD_BUSH -> gr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_CACTUS -> gs
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CARROTS -> gt
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTATOES -> gu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_BUTTON -> gv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_BUTTON -> gw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_BUTTON -> gx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_BUTTON -> gy
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_BUTTON -> gz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_BUTTON -> gA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_BUTTON -> gB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_BUTTON -> gC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_BUTTON -> gD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SKELETON_SKULL -> gE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SKELETON_WALL_SKULL -> gF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WITHER_SKELETON_SKULL -> gG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WITHER_SKELETON_WALL_SKULL -> gH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ZOMBIE_HEAD -> gI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ZOMBIE_WALL_HEAD -> gJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PLAYER_HEAD -> gK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PLAYER_WALL_HEAD -> gL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CREEPER_HEAD -> gM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CREEPER_WALL_HEAD -> gN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DRAGON_HEAD -> gO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DRAGON_WALL_HEAD -> gP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PIGLIN_HEAD -> gQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PIGLIN_WALL_HEAD -> gR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ANVIL -> gS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHIPPED_ANVIL -> gT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DAMAGED_ANVIL -> gU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TRAPPED_CHEST -> gV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_WEIGHTED_PRESSURE_PLATE -> gW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block HEAVY_WEIGHTED_PRESSURE_PLATE -> gX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COMPARATOR -> gY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DAYLIGHT_DETECTOR -> gZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block REDSTONE_BLOCK -> ha
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHER_QUARTZ_ORE -> hb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block HOPPER -> hc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block QUARTZ_BLOCK -> hd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHISELED_QUARTZ_BLOCK -> he
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block QUARTZ_PILLAR -> hf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block QUARTZ_STAIRS -> hg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACTIVATOR_RAIL -> hh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DROPPER -> hi
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_TERRACOTTA -> hj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_TERRACOTTA -> hk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_TERRACOTTA -> hl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_TERRACOTTA -> hm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_TERRACOTTA -> hn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_TERRACOTTA -> ho
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_TERRACOTTA -> hp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_TERRACOTTA -> hq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_TERRACOTTA -> hr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_TERRACOTTA -> hs
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_TERRACOTTA -> ht
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_TERRACOTTA -> hu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_TERRACOTTA -> hv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_TERRACOTTA -> hw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_TERRACOTTA -> hx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_TERRACOTTA -> hy
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_STAINED_GLASS_PANE -> hO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_STAIRS -> hP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_STAIRS -> hQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_STAIRS -> hR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_STAIRS -> hS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_STAIRS -> hT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_MOSAIC_STAIRS -> hU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SLIME_BLOCK -> hV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BARRIER -> hW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT -> hX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block IRON_TRAPDOOR -> hY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PRISMARINE -> hZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PRISMARINE_BRICKS -> ia
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_PRISMARINE -> ib
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PRISMARINE_STAIRS -> ic
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PRISMARINE_BRICK_STAIRS -> id
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_PRISMARINE_STAIRS -> ie
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PRISMARINE_SLAB -> if
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PRISMARINE_BRICK_SLAB -> ig
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_PRISMARINE_SLAB -> ih
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SEA_LANTERN -> ii
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block HAY_BLOCK -> ij
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_CARPET -> ik
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_CARPET -> il
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_CARPET -> im
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_CARPET -> in
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_CARPET -> io
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_CARPET -> ip
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_CARPET -> iq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_CARPET -> ir
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_CARPET -> is
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_CARPET -> it
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_CARPET -> iu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_CARPET -> iv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_CARPET -> iw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_CARPET -> ix
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_CARPET -> iy
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_CARPET -> iz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TERRACOTTA -> iA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COAL_BLOCK -> iB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PACKED_ICE -> iC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SUNFLOWER -> iD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LILAC -> iE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ROSE_BUSH -> iF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PEONY -> iG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TALL_GRASS -> iH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LARGE_FERN -> iI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_BANNER -> iJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_BANNER -> iK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_BANNER -> iL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_BANNER -> iM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_BANNER -> iN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_BANNER -> iO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_BANNER -> iP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_BANNER -> iQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_BANNER -> iR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_BANNER -> iS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_BANNER -> iT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_BANNER -> iU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_BANNER -> iV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_BANNER -> iW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_BANNER -> iX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_BANNER -> iY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_WALL_BANNER -> iZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_WALL_BANNER -> ja
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_WALL_BANNER -> jb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_WALL_BANNER -> jc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_WALL_BANNER -> jd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_WALL_BANNER -> je
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_WALL_BANNER -> jf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_WALL_BANNER -> jg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_WALL_BANNER -> jh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_WALL_BANNER -> ji
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_WALL_BANNER -> jj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_WALL_BANNER -> jk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_WALL_BANNER -> jl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_WALL_BANNER -> jm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_WALL_BANNER -> jn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_WALL_BANNER -> jo
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_SANDSTONE -> jp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHISELED_RED_SANDSTONE -> jq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CUT_RED_SANDSTONE -> jr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_SANDSTONE_STAIRS -> js
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OAK_SLAB -> jt
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_SLAB -> ju
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_SLAB -> jv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_SLAB -> jw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_SLAB -> jx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_SLAB -> jy
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_SLAB -> jz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_SLAB -> jA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_SLAB -> jB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_MOSAIC_SLAB -> jC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STONE_SLAB -> jD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_STONE_SLAB -> jE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SANDSTONE_SLAB -> jF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CUT_SANDSTONE_SLAB -> jG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PETRIFIED_OAK_SLAB -> jH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COBBLESTONE_SLAB -> jI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BRICK_SLAB -> jJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STONE_BRICK_SLAB -> jK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MUD_BRICK_SLAB -> jL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHER_BRICK_SLAB -> jM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block QUARTZ_SLAB -> jN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_SANDSTONE_SLAB -> jO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CUT_RED_SANDSTONE_SLAB -> jP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPUR_SLAB -> jQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_STONE -> jR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_SANDSTONE -> jS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_QUARTZ -> jT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_RED_SANDSTONE -> jU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_FENCE_GATE -> jV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_FENCE_GATE -> jW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_FENCE_GATE -> jX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_FENCE_GATE -> jY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_FENCE_GATE -> jZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_FENCE_GATE -> ka
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_FENCE_GATE -> kb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_FENCE_GATE -> kc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_FENCE -> kd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_FENCE -> ke
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_FENCE -> kf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_FENCE -> kg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_FENCE -> kh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_FENCE -> ki
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_FENCE -> kj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_FENCE -> kk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPRUCE_DOOR -> kl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIRCH_DOOR -> km
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JUNGLE_DOOR -> kn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ACACIA_DOOR -> ko
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHERRY_DOOR -> kp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DARK_OAK_DOOR -> kq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MANGROVE_DOOR -> kr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_DOOR -> ks
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block END_ROD -> kt
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHORUS_PLANT -> ku
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHORUS_FLOWER -> kv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPUR_BLOCK -> kw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPUR_PILLAR -> kx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPUR_STAIRS -> ky
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block END_STONE_BRICKS -> kz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TORCHFLOWER_CROP -> kA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PITCHER_CROP -> kB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PITCHER_PLANT -> kC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BEETROOTS -> kD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DIRT_PATH -> kE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block END_GATEWAY -> kF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block REPEATING_COMMAND_BLOCK -> kG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHAIN_COMMAND_BLOCK -> kH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FROSTED_ICE -> kI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGMA_BLOCK -> kJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHER_WART_BLOCK -> kK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_NETHER_BRICKS -> kL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BONE_BLOCK -> kM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRUCTURE_VOID -> kN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OBSERVER -> kO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SHULKER_BOX -> kP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_SHULKER_BOX -> kQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_SHULKER_BOX -> kR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_SHULKER_BOX -> kS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_SHULKER_BOX -> kT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_SHULKER_BOX -> kU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_SHULKER_BOX -> kV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_SHULKER_BOX -> kW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_SHULKER_BOX -> kX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_SHULKER_BOX -> kY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_SHULKER_BOX -> kZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_SHULKER_BOX -> la
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_SHULKER_BOX -> lb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_SHULKER_BOX -> lc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_SHULKER_BOX -> ld
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_SHULKER_BOX -> le
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_SHULKER_BOX -> lf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> li
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> ll
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> ln
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lo
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> ls
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lt
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_GLAZED_TERRACOTTA -> lv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_CONCRETE -> lw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_CONCRETE -> lx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_CONCRETE -> ly
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_CONCRETE -> lz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_CONCRETE -> lA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_CONCRETE -> lB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_CONCRETE -> lC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_CONCRETE -> lD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_CONCRETE -> lE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_CONCRETE -> lF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_CONCRETE -> lG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_CONCRETE -> lH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_CONCRETE -> lI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_CONCRETE -> lJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_CONCRETE -> lK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_CONCRETE -> lL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_CONCRETE_POWDER -> lZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_CONCRETE_POWDER -> ma
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_CONCRETE_POWDER -> mb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block KELP -> mc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block KELP_PLANT -> md
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DRIED_KELP_BLOCK -> me
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TURTLE_EGG -> mf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SNIFFER_EGG -> mg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_TUBE_CORAL_BLOCK -> mh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_BRAIN_CORAL_BLOCK -> mi
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_BUBBLE_CORAL_BLOCK -> mj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_FIRE_CORAL_BLOCK -> mk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_HORN_CORAL_BLOCK -> ml
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUBE_CORAL_BLOCK -> mm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BRAIN_CORAL_BLOCK -> mn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BUBBLE_CORAL_BLOCK -> mo
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FIRE_CORAL_BLOCK -> mp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block HORN_CORAL_BLOCK -> mq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_TUBE_CORAL -> mr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_BRAIN_CORAL -> ms
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_BUBBLE_CORAL -> mt
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_FIRE_CORAL -> mu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_HORN_CORAL -> mv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUBE_CORAL -> mw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BRAIN_CORAL -> mx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BUBBLE_CORAL -> my
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FIRE_CORAL -> mz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block HORN_CORAL -> mA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_TUBE_CORAL_FAN -> mB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_BRAIN_CORAL_FAN -> mC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_BUBBLE_CORAL_FAN -> mD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_FIRE_CORAL_FAN -> mE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_HORN_CORAL_FAN -> mF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUBE_CORAL_FAN -> mG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BRAIN_CORAL_FAN -> mH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BUBBLE_CORAL_FAN -> mI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FIRE_CORAL_FAN -> mJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block HORN_CORAL_FAN -> mK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_TUBE_CORAL_WALL_FAN -> mL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_BRAIN_CORAL_WALL_FAN -> mM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_BUBBLE_CORAL_WALL_FAN -> mN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_FIRE_CORAL_WALL_FAN -> mO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEAD_HORN_CORAL_WALL_FAN -> mP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUBE_CORAL_WALL_FAN -> mQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BRAIN_CORAL_WALL_FAN -> mR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BUBBLE_CORAL_WALL_FAN -> mS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FIRE_CORAL_WALL_FAN -> mT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block HORN_CORAL_WALL_FAN -> mU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SEA_PICKLE -> mV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_ICE -> mW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CONDUIT -> mX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO_SAPLING -> mY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BAMBOO -> mZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_BAMBOO -> na
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block VOID_AIR -> nb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CAVE_AIR -> nc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BUBBLE_COLUMN -> nd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_GRANITE_STAIRS -> ne
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_RED_SANDSTONE_STAIRS -> nf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MOSSY_STONE_BRICK_STAIRS -> ng
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_DIORITE_STAIRS -> nh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MOSSY_COBBLESTONE_STAIRS -> ni
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block END_STONE_BRICK_STAIRS -> nj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STONE_STAIRS -> nk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_SANDSTONE_STAIRS -> nl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_QUARTZ_STAIRS -> nm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRANITE_STAIRS -> nn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ANDESITE_STAIRS -> no
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_NETHER_BRICK_STAIRS -> np
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_ANDESITE_STAIRS -> nq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DIORITE_STAIRS -> nr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_GRANITE_SLAB -> ns
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_RED_SANDSTONE_SLAB -> nt
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MOSSY_STONE_BRICK_SLAB -> nu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_DIORITE_SLAB -> nv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MOSSY_COBBLESTONE_SLAB -> nw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block END_STONE_BRICK_SLAB -> nx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_SANDSTONE_SLAB -> ny
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_QUARTZ_SLAB -> nz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRANITE_SLAB -> nA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ANDESITE_SLAB -> nB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_NETHER_BRICK_SLAB -> nC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_ANDESITE_SLAB -> nD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DIORITE_SLAB -> nE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BRICK_WALL -> nF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PRISMARINE_WALL -> nG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_SANDSTONE_WALL -> nH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MOSSY_STONE_BRICK_WALL -> nI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRANITE_WALL -> nJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STONE_BRICK_WALL -> nK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MUD_BRICK_WALL -> nL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHER_BRICK_WALL -> nM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ANDESITE_WALL -> nN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_NETHER_BRICK_WALL -> nO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SANDSTONE_WALL -> nP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block END_STONE_BRICK_WALL -> nQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DIORITE_WALL -> nR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SCAFFOLDING -> nS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LOOM -> nT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BARREL -> nU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOKER -> nV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLAST_FURNACE -> nW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CARTOGRAPHY_TABLE -> nX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FLETCHING_TABLE -> nY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRINDSTONE -> nZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LECTERN -> oa
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMITHING_TABLE -> ob
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STONECUTTER -> oc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BELL -> od
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LANTERN -> oe
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SOUL_LANTERN -> of
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CAMPFIRE -> og
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SOUL_CAMPFIRE -> oh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SWEET_BERRY_BUSH -> oi
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_STEM -> oj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_WARPED_STEM -> ok
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_HYPHAE -> ol
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_WARPED_HYPHAE -> om
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_NYLIUM -> on
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_FUNGUS -> oo
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_WART_BLOCK -> op
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_ROOTS -> oq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHER_SPROUTS -> or
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_STEM -> os
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_CRIMSON_STEM -> ot
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_HYPHAE -> ou
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRIPPED_CRIMSON_HYPHAE -> ov
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_NYLIUM -> ow
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_FUNGUS -> ox
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SHROOMLIGHT -> oy
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WEEPING_VINES -> oz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WEEPING_VINES_PLANT -> oA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TWISTING_VINES -> oB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TWISTING_VINES_PLANT -> oC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_ROOTS -> oD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_PLANKS -> oE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_PLANKS -> oF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_SLAB -> oG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_SLAB -> oH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_PRESSURE_PLATE -> oI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_PRESSURE_PLATE -> oJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_FENCE -> oK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_FENCE -> oL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_TRAPDOOR -> oM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_TRAPDOOR -> oN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_FENCE_GATE -> oO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_FENCE_GATE -> oP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_STAIRS -> oQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_STAIRS -> oR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_BUTTON -> oS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_BUTTON -> oT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_DOOR -> oU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_DOOR -> oV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_SIGN -> oW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_SIGN -> oX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRIMSON_WALL_SIGN -> oY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WARPED_WALL_SIGN -> oZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block STRUCTURE_BLOCK -> pa
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block JIGSAW -> pb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COMPOSTER -> pc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TARGET -> pd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BEE_NEST -> pe
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BEEHIVE -> pf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block HONEY_BLOCK -> pg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block HONEYCOMB_BLOCK -> ph
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block NETHERITE_BLOCK -> pi
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ANCIENT_DEBRIS -> pj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRYING_OBSIDIAN -> pk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RESPAWN_ANCHOR -> pl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_CRIMSON_FUNGUS -> pm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_WARPED_FUNGUS -> pn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_CRIMSON_ROOTS -> po
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_WARPED_ROOTS -> pp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LODESTONE -> pq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACKSTONE -> pr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACKSTONE_STAIRS -> ps
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACKSTONE_WALL -> pt
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACKSTONE_SLAB -> pu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_BLACKSTONE -> pv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_BLACKSTONE_BRICKS -> pw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRACKED_POLISHED_BLACKSTONE_BRICKS -> px
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHISELED_POLISHED_BLACKSTONE -> py
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_BLACKSTONE_BRICK_SLAB -> pz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_BLACKSTONE_BRICK_STAIRS -> pA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_BLACKSTONE_BRICK_WALL -> pB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GILDED_BLACKSTONE -> pC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_BLACKSTONE_STAIRS -> pD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_BLACKSTONE_SLAB -> pE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_BLACKSTONE_PRESSURE_PLATE -> pF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_BLACKSTONE_BUTTON -> pG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_BLACKSTONE_WALL -> pH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHISELED_NETHER_BRICKS -> pI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRACKED_NETHER_BRICKS -> pJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block QUARTZ_BRICKS -> pK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CANDLE -> pL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_CANDLE -> pM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_CANDLE -> pN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_CANDLE -> pO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_CANDLE -> pP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_CANDLE -> pQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_CANDLE -> pR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_CANDLE -> pS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_CANDLE -> pT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_CANDLE -> pU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_CANDLE -> pV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_CANDLE -> pW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_CANDLE -> pX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_CANDLE -> pY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_CANDLE -> pZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_CANDLE -> qa
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_CANDLE -> qb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CANDLE_CAKE -> qc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WHITE_CANDLE_CAKE -> qd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ORANGE_CANDLE_CAKE -> qe
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MAGENTA_CANDLE_CAKE -> qf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_BLUE_CANDLE_CAKE -> qg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block YELLOW_CANDLE_CAKE -> qh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIME_CANDLE_CAKE -> qi
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_CANDLE_CAKE -> qj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GRAY_CANDLE_CAKE -> qk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHT_GRAY_CANDLE_CAKE -> ql
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CYAN_CANDLE_CAKE -> qm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PURPLE_CANDLE_CAKE -> qn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLUE_CANDLE_CAKE -> qo
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BROWN_CANDLE_CAKE -> qp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block GREEN_CANDLE_CAKE -> qq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RED_CANDLE_CAKE -> qr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BLACK_CANDLE_CAKE -> qs
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block AMETHYST_BLOCK -> qt
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BUDDING_AMETHYST -> qu
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block AMETHYST_CLUSTER -> qv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LARGE_AMETHYST_BUD -> qw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MEDIUM_AMETHYST_BUD -> qx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMALL_AMETHYST_BUD -> qy
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUFF -> qz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUFF_SLAB -> qA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUFF_STAIRS -> qB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUFF_WALL -> qC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_TUFF -> qD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_TUFF_SLAB -> qE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_TUFF_STAIRS -> qF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_TUFF_WALL -> qG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHISELED_TUFF -> qH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUFF_BRICKS -> qI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUFF_BRICK_SLAB -> qJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUFF_BRICK_STAIRS -> qK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TUFF_BRICK_WALL -> qL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHISELED_TUFF_BRICKS -> qM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CALCITE -> qN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TINTED_GLASS -> qO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POWDER_SNOW -> qP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SCULK_SENSOR -> qQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CALIBRATED_SCULK_SENSOR -> qR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SCULK -> qS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SCULK_VEIN -> qT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SCULK_CATALYST -> qU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SCULK_SHRIEKER -> qV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COPPER_BLOCK -> qW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block EXPOSED_COPPER -> qX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WEATHERED_COPPER -> qY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OXIDIZED_COPPER -> qZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COPPER_ORE -> ra
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_COPPER_ORE -> rb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OXIDIZED_CUT_COPPER -> rc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WEATHERED_CUT_COPPER -> rd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block EXPOSED_CUT_COPPER -> re
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CUT_COPPER -> rf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OXIDIZED_CHISELED_COPPER -> rg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WEATHERED_CHISELED_COPPER -> rh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block EXPOSED_CHISELED_COPPER -> ri
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHISELED_COPPER -> rj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_OXIDIZED_CHISELED_COPPER -> rk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_WEATHERED_CHISELED_COPPER -> rl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_EXPOSED_CHISELED_COPPER -> rm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_CHISELED_COPPER -> rn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OXIDIZED_CUT_COPPER_STAIRS -> ro
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WEATHERED_CUT_COPPER_STAIRS -> rp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block EXPOSED_CUT_COPPER_STAIRS -> rq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CUT_COPPER_STAIRS -> rr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OXIDIZED_CUT_COPPER_SLAB -> rs
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WEATHERED_CUT_COPPER_SLAB -> rt
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block EXPOSED_CUT_COPPER_SLAB -> ru
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CUT_COPPER_SLAB -> rv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_COPPER_BLOCK -> rw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_WEATHERED_COPPER -> rx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_EXPOSED_COPPER -> ry
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_OXIDIZED_COPPER -> rz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_OXIDIZED_CUT_COPPER -> rA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_WEATHERED_CUT_COPPER -> rB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_EXPOSED_CUT_COPPER -> rC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_CUT_COPPER -> rD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_OXIDIZED_CUT_COPPER_STAIRS -> rE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_WEATHERED_CUT_COPPER_STAIRS -> rF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_EXPOSED_CUT_COPPER_STAIRS -> rG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_CUT_COPPER_STAIRS -> rH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_OXIDIZED_CUT_COPPER_SLAB -> rI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_WEATHERED_CUT_COPPER_SLAB -> rJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_EXPOSED_CUT_COPPER_SLAB -> rK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_CUT_COPPER_SLAB -> rL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COPPER_DOOR -> rM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block EXPOSED_COPPER_DOOR -> rN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OXIDIZED_COPPER_DOOR -> rO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WEATHERED_COPPER_DOOR -> rP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_COPPER_DOOR -> rQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_EXPOSED_COPPER_DOOR -> rR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_OXIDIZED_COPPER_DOOR -> rS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_WEATHERED_COPPER_DOOR -> rT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COPPER_TRAPDOOR -> rU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block EXPOSED_COPPER_TRAPDOOR -> rV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OXIDIZED_COPPER_TRAPDOOR -> rW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WEATHERED_COPPER_TRAPDOOR -> rX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_COPPER_TRAPDOOR -> rY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_EXPOSED_COPPER_TRAPDOOR -> rZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_OXIDIZED_COPPER_TRAPDOOR -> sa
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_WEATHERED_COPPER_TRAPDOOR -> sb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COPPER_GRATE -> sc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block EXPOSED_COPPER_GRATE -> sd
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WEATHERED_COPPER_GRATE -> se
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OXIDIZED_COPPER_GRATE -> sf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_COPPER_GRATE -> sg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_EXPOSED_COPPER_GRATE -> sh
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_WEATHERED_COPPER_GRATE -> si
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_OXIDIZED_COPPER_GRATE -> sj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COPPER_BULB -> sk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block EXPOSED_COPPER_BULB -> sl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WEATHERED_COPPER_BULB -> sm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OXIDIZED_COPPER_BULB -> sn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_COPPER_BULB -> so
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_EXPOSED_COPPER_BULB -> sp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_WEATHERED_COPPER_BULB -> sq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block WAXED_OXIDIZED_COPPER_BULB -> sr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block LIGHTNING_ROD -> ss
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POINTED_DRIPSTONE -> st
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DRIPSTONE_BLOCK -> su
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CAVE_VINES -> sv
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CAVE_VINES_PLANT -> sw
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SPORE_BLOSSOM -> sx
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block AZALEA -> sy
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FLOWERING_AZALEA -> sz
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MOSS_CARPET -> sA
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PINK_PETALS -> sB
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MOSS_BLOCK -> sC
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIG_DRIPLEAF -> sD
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block BIG_DRIPLEAF_STEM -> sE
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMALL_DRIPLEAF -> sF
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block HANGING_ROOTS -> sG
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block ROOTED_DIRT -> sH
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block MUD -> sI
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE -> sJ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COBBLED_DEEPSLATE -> sK
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COBBLED_DEEPSLATE_STAIRS -> sL
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COBBLED_DEEPSLATE_SLAB -> sM
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block COBBLED_DEEPSLATE_WALL -> sN
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_DEEPSLATE -> sO
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_DEEPSLATE_STAIRS -> sP
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_DEEPSLATE_SLAB -> sQ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POLISHED_DEEPSLATE_WALL -> sR
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_TILES -> sS
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_TILE_STAIRS -> sT
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_TILE_SLAB -> sU
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_TILE_WALL -> sV
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_BRICKS -> sW
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_BRICK_STAIRS -> sX
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_BRICK_SLAB -> sY
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DEEPSLATE_BRICK_WALL -> sZ
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CHISELED_DEEPSLATE -> ta
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRACKED_DEEPSLATE_BRICKS -> tb
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRACKED_DEEPSLATE_TILES -> tc
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block INFESTED_DEEPSLATE -> td
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block SMOOTH_BASALT -> te
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RAW_IRON_BLOCK -> tf
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RAW_COPPER_BLOCK -> tg
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block RAW_GOLD_BLOCK -> th
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_AZALEA -> ti
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block POTTED_FLOWERING_AZALEA -> tj
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block OCHRE_FROGLIGHT -> tk
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block VERDANT_FROGLIGHT -> tl
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block PEARLESCENT_FROGLIGHT -> tm
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block FROGSPAWN -> tn
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block REINFORCED_DEEPSLATE -> to
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block DECORATED_POT -> tp
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block CRAFTER -> tq
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block TRIAL_SPAWNER -> tr
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block VAULT -> ts
net.minecraft.world.level.block.Block HEAVY_CORE -> tt